# BBY-29

main - leaderboard : https://codepen.io/MalunariDev/pen/RweGGxx
main - icon : https://www.strangeicons.com/

Exercise source: https://fitnessprogramer.com/exercise/bench-press/?pw=75448

CSS animation: https://css-loaders.com/dots/


# Project Title
# Comp 2800 - BBY29 
# FitUp app

## 1. Project Description
Empower your fitness journey with FitUp, a smart AI-driven app, offering personalized tasks, real-time progress updates, and nutrition recommendations to achieve your goals alongside friends, so join FitUp today!

FitUp is designed for users accross different levels of fitness from beginners to advanced and professionals. To motivate users to exercise by assign suitable and achievable tasks that are personalized based on their interests and fitness level.
And to make it more fun, user earn points from completing tasks which they can use to compete with friends or make purchase from the point shop.

FitUp stands out from the competition thanks to AI technologies integrated including Speech Recognition for AI chat, personalized training and diet plans generated by smart AI. Especially, users can use pose detection technology to help correct their forms and postures while working out and receive real-time feedback to enhance their performance, and thus achieve their fitness goals more effectively.

Users can also enjoy better experience using the app thanks to our smart UI design.

## 2. Names of Contributors
List team members and/or short bio's here... 
* Davin Higo
* Yuho Lim
* Declan Joyce
* John Guo
* Linh Hoang
	
## 3. Technologies and Resources Used
List technologies (with version numbers), API's, icons, fonts, images, media or data sources, and other resources that were used.
* HTML, CSS, JavaScript
* Bootstrap 5.0 (Frontend library)
* MongoDB (BAAS - Backend as a Service)
* Cloudinary (BAAS - Backend as a Service)
* Google Speech APIs (BAAS - Backend as a Service)
* Google Maps API (BAAS - Backend as a Service)
* GrodCloud (BAAS - Backend as a Service)
* Node.js (Backend)
* THREE.js (Frontend)
* Blender (Frontend)
* Tensorflor MoveNet (Frontend)

Acknowledgement of free usage for icons:
* Vegetables icons created by Freepik - Flaticon
* Fruit icons created by Freepik - Flaticon
* Dairy products icons created by Smashicons - Flaticon
* Macadamia icons created by surang - Flaticon
* Farmer icons created by Freepik - Flaticon
* Tomato icons created by Pixelmeetup - Flaticon
* Book mark icons created by Aldo Cervantes - Flaticon

## 4. Complete setup/installion/usage
Due to our project being at an early stage and limited time and personel, we have not been able to design to accomodate bigger screen size on computers, laptops or various other devices. Our design focus has always been designing for mobile first. And we chose Iphone 14 Promax screen size for this project UI design. Therefore, to enjoy the best UI/UX, please adjust your screen size to Iphone 14 Promax when using our web app. 
Here are some simple instructions.
* Go to our landing page from this link: https://comp1800-bby14-b87af.web.app/
* Right click anywhere on the web page
* Select Inspect at the bottom of the menu (or press F12 on your keyboard) to view developer mode.
* Select the 2nd icon, which looks like a computer with a phone, from the left next to the icon with an arrow pointing right-up.
* On the top control bar above the app, click on Dimensions: and select iPhone14 Promax.
* Now you can view or app with the latest UI updates.
* You can create a fake account in the format of an email to log in, for example user@bcit.ca, fill out your name and password.
* Optionally, if you need bigger screen size because the default screen size is too small for you, please unselect the computer with phone icon, and adjust the screen size as you wish. Our recommendation is 460 x 695 pixel to maintain relatively proper UI elements.
* After logging in, you can try different features that we have been able to implement so far.
* Finally, we would love to hear about your experience or feedback, please help us complete a small survey on this link. https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1fGqkebst4PxXcXgrAWfM3m8XMgkNt9S7ZDzuCHzWxME/edit
* Thank you, I hope you will enjoy using our app.

## 5. Known Bugs and Limitations
Here are some known bugs:
* Average star rating display on each post page increases from 5 to 6 when calculating average rating
* Current location is not yet accurate
* ...

## 6. Features for Future
What we'd like to build in the future:
* Collecting data from various site to make price suggestions
* Full text search
* Recommendations based on personal history
	
## 7. Contents of Folder
Content of the project folder:

```
 Top level of project folder: 
├── .gitignore               # Git ignore file
├── index.html               # landing HTML file, this is what users see when you come to url
└── README.md

It has the following subfolders and files:
├── .git                     # Folder for git repo
├── images                   # Folder for images
    /blah.jpg                # Acknowledge source
├── scripts                  # Folder for scripts
    /blah.js                 # 
├── styles                   # Folder for styles
    /blah.css                # 



```

